Hi 089487, ,

I saw your profile online and wanted to reach out! You might be a great fit for many of the remote software engineering roles that top U.S. companies are hiring for on Turing.

Turing is based in Palo Alto, California, U.S.A., also known as ：Silicon Valley；. We connect exceptional software engineers from around the world to top U.S. and Silicon Valley companies that are hiring for full-time remote software positions.

Live anywhere, enjoy rapid career growth: Live anywhere in the world, enjoy career growth opportunities formerly only available to engineers living in the Silicon Valley - Work with former Tech Leads and Engineering Managers from Google, Facebook, Microsoft, Amazon, & various top tech companies and advance rapidly towards your professional goals.

Full-Time, Long term opportunities: - Turing only partners with U.S companies that are hiring for full-time long term roles remotely and also work hard on re-matching you to subsequent long term opportunities. If you register and pass Turing・s tests and interviews, you may never have to interview for a job again.

Compensation: - Turing engineers are compensated with salaries more than local companies in most countries.

Find jobs across levels: - Turing hires mid level, senior level as well as tech lead level engineers.

Find jobs in 100+ Skills: - Get hired for React, Node, Python, Angular, Swift, React Native, Android, Java, Rails, Golang, PHP, Vue, Devops, Machine Learning etc.
START YOUR APPLICATION

If you run into any difficulty creating your profile, please email us at hiring@turing.com. Our team will help you out as soon as possible. We look forward to matching you with new exciting opportunities!

Best Regards,
Turing Team

-----------------------------------------------------------



MORE ABOUT TURING

Turing is led by Stanford University alumni and successful A.I. entrepreneurs Jonathan Siddharth and Vijay Krishnan, whose last A.I. company leveraged elite remote talent and had a successful acquisition (Techcrunch Story). Turing is backed by well known investors, such as:

Facebook's first CTO, Quora CEO (Adam D'Angelo)
Upwork・s founder (Beerud Sheth)
Executives from Google, Facebook, Amazon, and Twitter
Investors in Netflix, Uber, etc
Videos of current Turing engineers talking about their experience with Turing:

Bishal (Nepal)
Eder (Brazil)
Faizan (Pakistan)
Badis (Algeria)
Roshan (Nepal)
Zech (Ethiopia)
100+ U.S companies including those backed by Google, Andreessen, Founders Fund, Kleiner and Bloomberg have hired Turing engineers. Turing developers also come from over 100+ countries around the world!

Read more articles about Turing here:

TechCrunch: Turing books $87M at a $1.1B valuation to help source, hire and manage engineers remotely
Forbes - America・s Best Startup Employers
The 10 most innovative workplace companies of 2021
Jonathan Siddharth (CEO, Turing): The Future of Work is Remote